Docs: Update the .NET guide (#17723)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/dotnet.md

	You can set up [a free trial](https://portal.ckeditor.com/checkout?plan=free) to test the editor and evaluate the self-hosting.
</info-box>

> Having all the dependencies of CKEditor&nbsp;5, modify the `Index.cshtml` file in the `Pages` directory to import them. All the necessary markup is in the `index.html` file from the ZIP archive. You can copy and paste it into the `script` tag of your page. Pay attention to the paths of the import map and CSS link - they should reflect your folder structure. The template should look similar to the one below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have all the dependencies of CKEditor&nbsp;5, modify the `Index.cshtml` file in the `Pages` directory to import them. All the necessary markup is in the `index.html` file from the ZIP archive. You can copy and paste it into the `<script>` tag of your page. Pay attention to the paths of the import map and CSS link &ndash; they should reflect your folder structure. The template should look similar to the one below:
```

    var data = new ImportMapDefinition(
    new Dictionary<string, string>
    {
        { "ckeditor5", "/lib/ckeditor5/ckeditor5.js" },
        { "ckeditor5/", "/lib/ckeditor5/" },
    }, null, null);
}
<link href="~/lib/ckeditor5/ckeditor5.css" rel="stylesheet" />
<div class="main-container">
    <div id="editor">
        <p>Hello from CKEditor 5!</p>
    </div>
</div>
<script type="importmap" asp-importmap="@data"></script>
<script type="module">
    import {
        ClassicEditor,
        Essentials,
        Paragraph,
        Bold,
        Italic,
        Font
    } from 'ckeditor5';

    ClassicEditor
        .create( document.querySelector( '#editor' ), {
            licenseKey: '<YOUR_LICENSE_KEY>', // Or 'GPL'.
            plugins: [ Essentials, Paragraph, Bold, Italic, Font ],
            toolbar: [
                'undo', 'redo', '|', 'bold', 'italic', '|',
                'fontSize', 'fontFamily', 'fontColor', 'fontBackgroundColor'
            ]
        } )
        .then( editor => {
            window.editor = editor;
        } )
        .catch( error => {
            console.error( error );
        } );
</script>
```
<info-box warning>

> Due to a [bug](https://issues.chromium.org/issues/40611854), Chromium does not support multiple import maps yet. The .NET web app in the current version may already have an import map defined in the shared layout. If that is your case, remove the `<script type="importmap"></script>` tag from the `/Pages/Shared/__Layout.cshtml` file and you will be ready to run your application.

Author: Oh, and it's worth mentioning that removing the import map doesn't break anything. The app still works. The default import map seems to be added more for convenience.
